Now another thing to be aware of Whenever you're working with these default parameters is that the temporal
dead zone also applies to these parameters.
So for example if I were to make another function and call it foo I can always do something like this
first and then second equals first.
OK.
Because whenever you actually define this parameter and then maybe we'll just cancel the log.
Let's say first and then second like so then I call it later on.
Let's say we just pass in 23 like so it's going to print that out pretty nice right.
Well whenever we call the function that is actually whenever we initialize our parameters.
So before we initialize these parameters they're inaccessible they're in the temporal dead zone.
So in this case we can access first and then after first parameter is initialized then we can use it
as a default value for a second because now we actually have access to it because it's gone from left
to right.
We cannot however do the reverse.
So that means we can sit second as a default parameter value for first.
The reason we can't do that is because at this point in time.
Second is not accessible because it hasn't been initialized right now second is in the temporal dead
zone and we've only initialized first.
So we're referencing something that hasn't been initialized yet and whenever we do initialize parameters
that happens whenever we invoke our function.
But then it goes from left to right.
So first the the parameter named first is initialize and then afterwards the second parameter is initialized
so in this case I'm referencing something that hasn't been defined yet.
So that is why I get undefined for the second parameter right here.
So just keep in mind you do have to deal with the temporal dead zone when working with default parameter
values.
But all that means is that you can't reference something before it's initialized.
So in this case we can't use second as a default parameter value but we can definitely use the first
parameter as a default parameter value and same thing would happen if we use something like third.
So I could use for example let's say Now I could use second as a default parameter value but I could
never use third as a default parameter value and that would also throw an error.
As you can see right here that will also give me a reference here.
Third is not defined.